
Need a STRONG DESIRE to earn more as a freelancer.
A Laptop/PC and Internet connection.
An Upwork account (If no, Sign Up first).
A mindset to learn the principles and imply them.
CAUTION: This is not an "Easy Earn Money Online" scam. So if you are looking for some proposal templates, this course is not for you.

Hello everyone, welcome to the course, "Winning Upwork".

I started freelancing in 2013 along with my regular 9-5 job. At that time it was nothing but a time pass hobby. In 2016, I started a business and at the end of 2017, it collapsed.

I lost every penny I have ever saved, and on the top, I got a huge debt on me. I was totally broke.

That time I took Upwork seriously, and within 1.5 years I managed to pay all my debts. I can tour twice a year now and live a happy life with my family.

The freelancing business allows me to grow that fast and Upwork has a great contribution to it.

In this course, I will share my experiences, all my techniques and strategies with you I have ever learned.



In this course you will learn:

How to set up your mind for freelancing business (This is something, no one wants to say).

Upwork business, its reality & algorithm.

Understanding the psychology of high-paying clients and how to find them.

How to design a niche-oriented business.

How to create & optimize your profile to get endless invites.

How to create a portfolio even you have no experience.

How to find appropriate jobs using advanced filters.

How to write persuasive proposals and get hired.

How to answer an invitation & screening questions.

How to raise the hourly rate without fear.

How to get repeat businesses to make consistent monthly revenue on Upwork.



21 videos & 4.5 hours of focussed contents derived from my personal experience to help you achieve success on Upwork.

Who this course is for:
Upworks freelancers: Beginners to Pro.
If you are new and want to figure out how to make regular earnings from Upwork.
If you are already on Upwork & getting frustrated with it.
